I am Miss Zhou
He Fang family is the pastor
The sky is empty and you can't stay
Wait until the lady wakes up before leaving
Let's go
Let go of me let go of me
No one now
Can wake up
Hey, no more
Zhou Jia should send someone to the company to destroy the evidence
What!
You lied to me, who pretended to sleep first?
That's not because
As soon as I woke up, I met Zhou Yaru confessing to you
Hmm sorry to interrupt
Are you satisfied with my answer?
Satisfied, satisfied
Laugh out loud
Go let me go
I can walk by myself
Miss Zhou, okay?
You lead the way
Miss Zhou, my black belt in taekwondo
Don't try to run in my hands
Song Nan woke up with that woman
It will definitely provoke Yan into a pair of Buddhas
I had to do it first.
Hello, Grandma Song
I am Yaru
I came back from abroad. Are you at home now?
I will visit you tonight.
Oops ok ok
Anytime welcome.
Are the stars at home?
I brought a gift to the stars
Just got back from kindergarten
Ah, that's great. I'll see you later.
Star recruit
Grandma later
Remember to call Auntie when a guest comes to the door.
I know, grandma.
Yaru is here
Come on, come on, grandma, I haven't seen you for a long time
Come in, sit, come in